What happened to Jinyang?
I bet we
If he wins
Let him be the chief investment officer of the foundation
What!
Mom's valuation hasn't soared 10 times yet
Ah, you are in venture capital
You have no eyesight
According to the current situation
Up to seven days
Substance soars definitely more than 10 times
Since you and Linfar made a bet on this
From today onwards
The chief officer of my Zhang family, the investment position belongs to him
Hahaha Lao Zhang
It's all children's play
Don't take it seriously.
Let you trouble that kid to fulfill the marriage contract
I want to take the opportunity to get bored
If he were to become an investment manager again
It will be harder to deal with this kid in the future
My Zhang family
Do what you say
One word
Hey
Zhizi Mo Ruowu
I know Mingfan's situation best
He is really not suitable to be an investor
Oh so
What about our Chu Shen?
I have been in charge of investment in the group before
Some time ago, I became CFO.
Why don't you let Chu Shen